Document the deprecation policy and addd the deprecate_parameter decorator to deprecate parameters (#1160)
GenericMappingTools/pygmt: doc/maintenance.md

adjusted upward on every major and minor release, but never on a patch release.

## Backwards compatibility and deprecation policy

PyGMT is still undergoing rapid developement. All of the API is subject to change
until the v1.0.0 release.

Basic policy for backwards compatibility:

- Any incompatible changes should go through the deprecation process below.

> - Incompatible changes are allowed in major and minor releases, not in patch
>   releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incompatible changes are only allowed in major and minor releases, not in
  patch releases.
```

> - Incompatible changes should be documente in the release notes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Incompatible changes should be documented in the release notes.
```

When making incompatible changes, we should follow the process:

- Discuss whether the incompatible changes are necessary on GitHub.
- Make the changes in a backwards compatible way, and raise a `FutureWarning`
  warning for old usage. At least one test using the old usage should be added.
- The warning message should clearly explain the changes and include the versions
  in which the old usage is deprecated and is expected to be removed.

> - The `FutureWarning` warning should appear in 2-4 minor versions, depending on

Reviewer: May want to wait for votes to come in on https://github.com/GenericMappingTools/pygmt/issues/1120#issuecomment-818377643 before committing.

```suggestion
- The `FutureWarning` warning should appear for 2-4 minor versions, depending on
```

  the impact of the changes. It means the deprecation period usually lasts
  3-12 months.
- Remove the old usage and warning when reaching the declared version.

> To rename a function parameter, we can simply add the `@deprecated_parameter`
> decorator before the function (after the `@use_alias` decorator if any).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To rename a function parameter, add the `@deprecated_parameter` decorator
before the function definition (but after the `@use_alias` decorator if it exists).
```

Here is an example:

```
@fmt_docstring
@use_alias(J="projection", R="region", V="verbose")
@kwargs_to_strings(R="sequence")
@deprecate_parameter("sizes", "size", "v0.4.0", remove_version="v0.6.0")
def plot(self, x=None, y=None, data=None, size=None, direction=None, **kwargs):
    pass
```

> It means the old parameter name `sizes` is deprecated since v0.4.0, and will be

Reviewer: ```suggestion

In this case, the old parameter name `sizes` is deprecated since v0.4.0, and will be
```
